10) customer reviews homepage
	the customer opens a browser and types 'designfirst.com' into the address bar. 
	a marketing page describes the service and provides the opportunity to log in
	or register.
	
20) customer logs in 
	customer types their username and password into the login form and submits it. 
	the system displays an error message if credentials are invalid, or forwards
	user to the customer home page if they are valid.
	
30) customer registers
	customer selects a username and password and enters other info 
	necessary for order processing. System will validate username and
	redirect user to home page on successful completion.
	
40) customer reviews orders
	customer is presented with a list of orders. they can select any order to 
	view its details.
	
50) customer reviews purchases
	customer is presented with a purchase history. customer can select 
	any transaction to review its details.

60) customer reviews credit balance
	we maintain a credit bank for each account. customer can view a transaction 
	list and select transactions to review details.

70) customer reviews diagrams
	customer is  presented with a list of diagrams received from the 
	service. customer can click on any one to review details or download.
	
80) customer buys credits
	customer is able to buy credits that can be used to purchase design
	services. purchasing packages of credits is more economical than 
	purchasing single designs.
	
90) customer buys subscription
	customer is able to buy a subscription with <large number> of designs
	in a given period. (really, same as buying credits, but they expire...)
	((hence subscription credits should be cheaper than regular credits))
	
100) customer creates order
	customer creates a new order to collect the design parameters. orders 
	are complete when they have all required data items, and payment has been 
	completed.
	
110) customer adds cabinet info to order
	customer specifies details of cabinetry to be placed in design. cabinetry
	details consist of approx 15 groups of parameters. these groups
	may be presented (and marked 'complete') separately.
	
120) customer revises cabinet/appliance info
	customer may return to any incomplete or unsubmitted order to 
	revise parameters.

130) customer adds appliance info to order
	customer adds descriptions of appliances to order.
	
140) customer adds floorplan info to order
	customer creates a floorplan document with detailed measurements and 
	attaches it to the order.

150 customer adds payment information to order	
	orders are not submittable without payment. 
	
160) customer submits order
	customer approves order for processing

170) customer reviews order status
180) customer sends design back for revision
190) customer notifies company of problem with design order
200) customer cancels design order

210) admin reviews orders
220) admin reviews sales
230) admin reviews customers
240) admin credits customer account
250) admin cancels order
260) admin reviews order status with OW

270) designer retrieves job
280) designer submits completed job

